Use ChatGPT-4 script to justify paragraphs in reST files (#2167)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: docs/contributing/coding_guide.rst

.. _docs/notebooks: https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/tree/main/docs/notebooks

Examples in PlasmaPy are written as Jupyter notebooks, taking advantage
of their mature ecosystems. They are located in `docs/notebooks`_.
|nbsphinx|_ takes care of executing them at documentation build time and
including them in the documentation.

Please note that it is necessary to store notebooks with their outputs
stripped

> (use the "Edit -> Clear all" option in JupyterLab and the "Cell -> All Output -> Clear" option in the "classic" Jupyter Notebook). This accomplishes two goals:

Author: ```suggestion
(use the "Edit -> Clear all" option in JupyterLab and the "Cell -> All
Output -> Clear" option in the "classic" Jupyter Notebook). This
accomplishes two goals:
```

.. _asv: https://github.com/airspeed-velocity/asv
.. _asv-docs: https://asv.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

> PlasmaPy has a set of `asv`_ benchmarks that monitor performance of its functionalities.  This is meant to protect the package from performance regressions. The benchmarks can be viewed at `benchmarks`_. They're generated from results located in `benchmarks-repo`_. Detailed instructions on writing such benchmarks can be found at `asv-docs`_. Up-to-date instructions on running the benchmark suite will be located in the README file of `benchmarks-repo`_.

Author: ```suggestion
PlasmaPy has a set of asv_ benchmarks that monitor performance of its
functionalities.  This is meant to protect the package from performance
regressions. The benchmarks can be viewed at benchmarks_. They are
generated from results located in `benchmarks-repo`_. Detailed
instructions on writing such benchmarks can be found at `asv-docs`_.
Up-to-date instructions on running the benchmark suite will be located
in the README file of `benchmarks-repo`_.
```
